Add the getting started tutorial for Java client [API-2093] (#1)
hazelcast-guides/java-client-getting-started: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/java-client-getting-started.adoc

        ClientConfig config = new ClientConfig();

        // Your Viridian cluster name.
        config.setClusterName("YOUR_CLUSTER_NAME");

        // Your discovery token to connect Viridian cluster.
        config.getNetworkConfig().getCloudConfig()
                .setDiscoveryToken("YOUR_CLUSTER_DISCOVERY_TOKEN")
                .setEnabled(true);

        // // Configure SSL
        ClassLoader classLoader = ClientWithSsl.class.getClassLoader();
        Properties props = new Properties();
        props.setProperty("javax.net.ssl.keyStore", classLoader.getResource("client.keystore").toURI().getPath());
        props.setProperty("javax.net.ssl.keyStorePassword", "YOUR_SSL_PASSWORD");
        props.setProperty("javax.net.ssl.trustStore",
                classLoader.getResource("client.truststore").toURI().getPath());
        props.setProperty("javax.net.ssl.trustStorePassword", "YOUR_SSL_PASSWORD");
        config.getNetworkConfig().setSSLConfig(new SSLConfig().setEnabled(true).setProperties(props));

        HazelcastInstance client = HazelcastClient.newHazelcastClient(config);

    }
}
----

== Understanding the Hazelcast SQL API

> A Hazelcast SQL is a Calcite and ANSI SQL based interface to allow you to interact with Hazelcast much like any other datastore.

Reviewer: Updated as per new wording on the other examples too.

```suggestion
Hazelcast SQL API is a Calcite SQL based interface to allow you to interact with Hazelcast much like any other datastore.
```
